[Clang] [NFC] Add release note about libstdc++ bug (#93059)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now performs semantic analysis for unary operators with dependent operands
  that are known to be of non-class non-enumeration type prior to instantiation.

  This change uncovered a bug in libstdc++ 14.1.0 which may cause compile failures
  on systems using that version of libstdc++ and Clang 19, with an error that looks
  something like this:

  .. code-block:: text

    <source>:4:5: error: expression is not assignable
    4 |     ++this;
      |     ^ ~~~~

>   To fix this, update libstdc++ to a newer version, such as 14.1.1 or 14.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To fix this, update libstdc++ to version 14.1.1 or greater.
```
14.2 _should_ release before clang 19 but probably not by much so I don't think we want to be that specific
